---
layout: post
title: He's Baaack!
---

That's right! **I'm back!** I am going to make a much bigger effort to blog, and it's gonna be great! I am in a better mood than ever, and I'm ready to go.

Honestly, I'm ready to get on with my life and make it something that I like living in. I have multiple ideas on how I might do that.

#### 1. Have more fun
I have a feeling that instead of doing homework/coding all day, I should get out and do more stuff, like ride my bike, or go to the lake; something I don't usually do. Some ideas include:

1. Go on vacation
2. Go fishing
3. Exercise every day (maybe even meeting some new people in the process)
4. Go out to eat (trying new foods, of course)
5. Go to a party
6. Go bowling

The only catch with this is I have to find time, and that's becoming increasingly harder to do.

#### 2. Find a hobby
Yes, I know. Coding is my hobby, but I mean a different type of hobby. Some ideas for this include:

- Woodworking
- Watching sports (I've never liked laying sports, just watching them, _to a degree_.)
- Leatherworking
- Metalworking
- Cooking
- Singing (People tell me I have a good voice, but I don't know how good I actually sound.)
- I have been playing PC games since the second of this month, after taking a year long break from gaming, so it's kind of a start, but, for the first time in years, I want to actually _socialize_.

#### 3. Get a girlfriend
_Woah!_ I know that you're probably thinking, "Where did this come from?!", but believe it or not, I'm still in high school, and I've recently had a desire to find that significant other. It is already hard for me to make friends, so it's going to be extra hard for me to find a girlfriend. I think I'm up to the challenge though, and I know it will be a wild ride if I do find my significant other. I am resolved that I am ready, since almost everyone in my classes does have a partner, so there is no changing my mind there.

___

If you have anything to talk to me about, go right ahead! My email is **[railinator4903@gmail.com](mailto:railinator4903@gmail.com)**.